Name: Ngaaia Toabwa
Student ID: 7331344
Group No: 25

My contributions to the assignment
Effort: 97%
Usefulness: 99%

The contributions of Rae Villafuerte
Effort: 98%
Usefulness:99% 

The contributions of Ezra Collins
Effort: 97%
Usefulness:98% 

My thoughts on the positives and negatives of working in a group.

I personally find this group assignment to be useful since it teaches me ways on how to work
in a group and code together. We managed to complete the assignment on time, and this is due
to all the work that we put in in every meeting that we have for the past two weeks. I also
learn a lot of things from the other group members and their determination in finishing the
assignment has given me motivation to keep working on it as well. 

We start working on the assignment from the htable.c which is the easy part for us. This is
because we all try to complete our labs 11 first during the lab times. We reuse the files from
the labs, so this part was straight forward for us and we didn’t really spend a lot of time on
it, except for the change in including the method of linear probing or double hashing and including
the stats information. However we were able to understand it by exchanging ideas on how we would
implement it in our new, insert and search function.

The second part is more difficult for me and that is the main method and just the whole of asgn.c
file. I had to learn about the opt library and then figuring out ways on how we could use it for
the different options we need to implement using the switch method. Each group member I believe
always did their own research separately or own implementation on some functions since most of the
time we would come, and we have ideas on how to do things. We did face many bugs and errors while
doing this and some were easy to fix while others would take a very long time. We have a few
differences as well on how we would implement every method of the switch cases. In the end we just
choose whichever is best to get the assignment done. 
